Improve text Insecure File Provider Paths Setting (#16)
Ostorlab/KB: MOBILE_CLIENT/ANDROID/_HIGH/APK_FILE_PROVIDER_PERMISSIVE_EXTERNAL_PATH/description.md

The application exposes a file provider using `androidx.core.content.FileProvider`. The provider specifies available files in the metadata child attribute with the name `android.support.FILE_PROVIDER_PATHS`.

The attribute is required to generate URI for directories specified `android.support.FILE_PROVIDER_PATHS` configuration file.

Android defines multiple paths types:

```xml

<root-path name="name" path="path"/>
```

* Checking the documentation of the [FileProvider](https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/core/content/FileProvider) , you will not find the `<root-path...>` among the available paths.
This path although not documented is available and can be used to provide access to internal storage of the app along with `/data` and `sdcard`.

> This path grants access to protected parts of the app and of the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This path grants access to protected parts of the app and of the device and thus exposes the application filesystem.
```

* Represent files in the root of your app's external media area. The root path of this subdirectory is the same as the
  value returned by the first result of `Context.getExternalMediaDirs()`.

In the example below , we observe the provider has the root folder configuration that allows us to access home directory (which also includes /data and /sdcard directory).
```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<paths xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android">
    <root-path name="root" path="/"/>
</paths>
```
This misconfiguration can be chained with other vulnerabilities like `Intent Redirection` to steal sensitive data

> or `Overwriting arbitrary files` to achieve arbitrary code execution by Overwriting native libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or `Remote Code Execution` by overwriting native libraries.
```
